{That's pretty small. Can that?
Yes, I'm going to start it. Feel
like I've seen that one before,
but maybe not.}
{Yeah, no similar, right? This
is a complex scene. Please tell
me in as much detail as you can
what you see and what is
happening and take between 3 to
5 minutes. I'll keep check, keep
checking that time so whenever
you're ready you can start.}
{There's a glare here. I for
some let me put my window down.}
{The shape there, that's a
little better.}
{{OK, this one really looks
familiar, but that's OK, here we
go. So.}
#START_waldo-1 It's a busy city
scene.
A lot of buildings and quite a
few people there's.
Many buildings have awnings,
striped awnings, red and white
or blue and white. There are
ladders going up to the windows
of many buildings. There are
many vehicles, small cars.
And a pickup truck.
Umm.
Let's get down to the little
details. There are two men on
the roof of 1 building fighting
with.
Sticks. They have buckets on
their heads. There's a man
watching. No, he's not watching.
He's feeding pigeons and he has
overalls.
Below them, in the window, you
can see a woman.
Maybe typing a letter on an old
typewriter and a man?
Looks like he's finished dinner
and he's got his plate and he's
gotten out.
There's a woman on a computer
down below. Her hair is in a
bun.
And there's a woman on the
telephone and a man wash.
You know why? Having dinner
maybe. Ohh there's more over
there.
Umm.
OK, there's not much going on
there. Looks like there's a
school.
In the upper left and there's
children.
Just arriving, there's a fence
around the yard.
The windows have curtains you
can't see, and there's a clock
above the front door.
Umm.
There's a.
Man on the roof of his building
looks like he came out the
window. He's trying to catch
his.
Dog on a leash.
Another man is yelling.
At the dog and another woman is
yelling at the man.
Looks like there was an
accident.
And there's two people.
On the ground looks like they
were riding bicycles.
A nurse might be arriving, and a
doctor or some kind of medic.
Meanwhile, nearby there's a
crossing guard.
Crossing, helping children cross
the street. He's holding a stop
sign. I see an ambulance. I see
a garbage truck.
I see what might be a fire
engine, people looking in a.
Store window there is a car.
And there's all kinds of junk on
the ground. Someone has looks
like they've taken it out of the
trunk of the car.
In the middle is is, is a
fountain, and there's a man in.
Snorkeling, gear fins and a
snorkel and a face mask in the
fountain.
And there's a statue with them.
Bow and arrow and.
There is a.
You still a lot of people
looking at the fountain, so man
on a motorcycle.
Another man on a motorcycle.
There's a.
Person maybe washing windows and
he's dropped his bucket and it's
about to land on it. Someone's
head man walking in a suit.
There's a man coming out of a
manhole.
These lifting the manhole cover.
And as he did that, he knocked.
#END_waldo-1 Someone over who
was walking, you know, brown
suit. A woman has a pocketbook,
red pocketbook, holding it in
the air. There's a little mark.
{It's a series of pictures that
tells a story.}
{In as much detail as you can
take around 10 to 15 minutes,
they will not be more than 30
pages. I think this just a few
pages.}
{And this is just one page here,
right? And we see just one.}
#START_arrival-1 Well, there's a
photograph in A-frame of three
people. Looks like a father, a
mother and a little girl.
And someone's picking up that
photograph and wrapping it in
the frame in some paper and then
tying that paper with string.
And.
Putting it in a briefcase or
some kind of box.
And putting a belt, putting a
belt around that.
That box.
Holding his hands.
Hmm, well, the man has presented
the box to his wife.
It is a trunk wrapped with the
belt
Presumably that frame is inside.
He's put it on the kitchen
table, where there are two cups
and saucers and a teapot with a
crack.
And a.
Bird it looks like folded paper
and a cloth and some little
bottles, and there's a towel
hanging behind them, and a hat
next to that, and a little
drawing on the.
On the wall behind them.
Looks like a child's drawing of
their mother, father and
themselves, with a bird on the
man's arm and the sun shining,
there's a pot and spoon.
There's some papers under the
one of the cups.
I guess maybe they're opening,
going to open that trunk because
now we see the inside of it.
A blanket, perhaps?
And the three people?
Then there's chairs. That's
about it.
OK, so the little girl.
Was sleeping.
In her bed, under covers. But
now she's opened her eyes and
she sat up, rubbed her eyes,
yawning.
Looks like she's gone downstairs
for breakfast.
She has a bowl and a spoon and
she looks and she sees the
suitcase.
Meanwhile, you see her father
with his hat and the mother with
her scarf.
There's maybe getting ready to
go out because she's zipping up
the girl's coat and the girls
putting on her hat. Someone's
putting on their boots.
And oh the girls picking up the
suitcase.
Father might have been saying.
OK, I I'll take that. That's
heavy. And out they go, out the
door, down the steps and they're
walking away.
There's a big shadow of a.
Dragon on that building.
Well, looks like they were going
to the train station.
The girls looking around, she's
just still got her hat and she's
holding her father's hand,
trying to take it all in.
There's a lot of people there
standing with their suitcases.
Waiting for the train which is
arriving and there's steam
coming out of the top of the
engine.
And.
Everyone looks a little sad. The
man has that little paper bird
under his hat.
But his hand on the girl's
shoulder, trying to comfort her
and gives her the bird.
Gives her a hug. Mother's
crying.
The mother hugs the father and
the man is takes the suitcase
and gets on the train.
All three of them hold hands.
Then he off goes, the train
takes off, you can't see it
anymore.
Uh.
We've seen this before, so
there's the photo again, looks
like.
He opened the suitcase because.
The photos there on the trunk
while he's eating his.
Soup in a bowl with a spoon is
sitting.
And the chair?
Assume it's a chair. It's got a
shirt and a vest.
And.
Soon we see him through a
porthole.
And then we back away and the
portholes lot smaller, and now
we see several portholes.
And now we see many, many
portholes. And we realize that.
#END_arrival-1 That man is on
the ship, along with other
people.
{And that was it. So that was
it. OK, we've seen that one
before.}
{There's different parts of a
big story, so each is a self.}
#START_arrival-3 OK oh, the man
is still there. OK, well now
we're on the street.
And there's a boy with a cap and
a papers under his arm, and he's
holding a large poster that says
something on it. And there's a
man behind him with a hat and
he's got some smaller papers.
And there's a woman nearby
holding an odd cat with a long
tail.
And there's another man.
With the food cart looks like a
food cart.
With four wheels and he's
getting something out of the
cart and there's an animal in a
basket in front of his car.
And there's.
Wooden box, another frame, a
wooden box, and a man and a
woman carefully.
Either taking out or putting
these very large eggs into it.
There's a cactus nearby. There's
also.
Barber is shaving someone at the
moment and a small young boy is
behind watching. They all have
hats.
Umm.
There's snails on the ground.
And then there's a man.
With an accordion with a big.
horn coming out of it and
another man playing a violin.
The music stand.
And there's.
Mouse like birds on the ground.
And there's a bunch of women
looking at.
A magazine. One woman's looking
at the magazine and all the
other women are looking at her.
One woman has a rabbit big ears,
and another woman is knitting.
The man is just looking at all
this as he stands there with his
suitcase.
When he opens his.
Watch or his compass.
He's trying to figure out either
what direction to go or what
time it is, and he looks a
little confused.
Or frightened, he looks up at a
building.
And.
And there's a beautiful design
on it. Not sure it keeps walking
through the town.
With this suitcase.
And he see some little lights?
Those little lights.
Bigger and bigger.
And then they start moving.
And the wind starts blowing, so
they start moving. It blows his
hat off. His hat lands on the
ground and he goes to pick it up
and when he picks it up to put
it on his head, he sees some
arrows and he thinks maybe this
is something I should pay
attention to the book.
No, it's not a book. It was on
the ground, but now he has a
book that he got from somewhere
and he.
Tries to interpret what those
symbols were on the ground, and
he asks a
Man.
Can you help me understand what
this means?
the Man says sure and the man
has a hat. They both have hats.
He says.
What exactly do you want to
know? And the man tells him
something like, I'm trying to
tell him something, but he
doesn't understand. So he draws
a picture of a of a bed. I'm
looking for a place to sleep.
There's a bed and a window. Man
says, oh, I see what you want. I
see. He puts his finger up and
he says, and he points over
here, let's go this way. So the
man with the suitcase follows
the man.
That helped him and he's got a
like an armadillo in a basket.
On his back.
#END_arrival-3 And off they go.
{OK. So thank you for that part
of this story. OK. I've seen
that before too. Yeah, they
they're very, the style is
pretty consistent.}
{But I mean, I feel like I saw
it exactly. Ohh, really. Yeah,
I'll double check with that.}
{That the picture, the drawing,
the following him, the symbol on
the ground.}
{OK, now we have a complex
scene.}
{Are you ready? Are you ready?
Yes. All right. Well, we're.}
#START_being_a_pirate On the
ocean and there are lots of.
Boats on the ocean, there's a
there's a big.
Ship with.
Triple masts.
And lots of.
People pirates look like, lots
of them look like pirates and.
Gosh, there's a man.
There's ropes, and there's.
Nets and there's cannons. One of
the cannons has just been fired.
There's people trying to climb
on the ship.
There's people jumping off the
ship or getting pushed off the
ship.
There.
Might be lifeboats, I don't
know.
There are birds in the sky.
There are flags on the top of
the ship. There's a nest on the
top of the ship.
Umm.
There's.
{Nonsense. OK, let's go to some
of the OK then} there's a lot of
smaller boats, like row boats,
and they're loaded with people
and they have ores and they're
growing maybe.
To the shore, because we can see
some land.
Umm.
There's an octopus, a really big
octopus in the water. It's
grabbed some of the people. I'm
not sure if he's trying to help.
Umm.
Definitely lots of pirate ships
because we can see the skull and
crossbones.
We can see.
Pirates with swords and.
I haven't seen any eye patches
yet, but I bet there are some
eye patches.
OK, now I'm going to the store.
Looks like sand and sandy shore,
but there are a few palm trees.
There's many in the palm trees.
And in the background there's a
grassy area and more trees up
high.
And.
There's some wave, you know,
it's not a wave. Yeah, there are
waves coming in.
But there's people firing on.
The people on the shore, there's
a big hole, someone's.
digging
I don't know if someone dug that
hole or.
Yeah, looks like they've dug a
hole.
Oh, they're probably going to
bury the treasure. Yeah,
there's, there's the empty. It's
empty. They've just unburied it.
Probably they've just dug it up
and they opened it up and
there's nothing in there.
All that.
#END_being_a_pirate I don't
know. There's a man surfing. {I
don't know. I really don't know.
OK, that's OK. It's been 3 to 4
minutes, so OK.}
#START_arrival-4 Well, this man
is just he's taking a shower. I
don't know where he is, but he's
taking a shower and then he gets
out of the shower. He shaves.
And he gets dressed. He's
buttoning. He's already buttoned
his shirt and now he's buttoning
his vest. Now he's tying his
shoe and he's getting some money
together.
I probably put it in his pocket
and he's grabbing his hat.
now he gets out a map.
And unfolds the map, and he
studies it. There's a funny
little fish nearby studying the
map.
City.
Heads off and the little fish
seems to be following him.
And he goes.
Looks like he's maybe going to
get on the subway or something.
Umm.
He's not quite sure where he
should go. He's standing there
and a lot of other people are
waiting also and behind them
are.
What looked like teepees, but
made of stone and a huge
structure. A bridge and there's.
There's boats up in the air and
there's airplanes up in the air.
Maybe we're underwater, but I
don't think so.
{Is that enough? I don't know
what else.}
So he's waiting.
Next to a woman who's also
waiting in.
This little fish, or whatever it
is, starts to talk to her
little.
Bird.
The same time he starts to talk
to her. He's looking at his map
and she's looking at a book and
they.
And she looks at his map, too.
And she.
He points to something that he's
looking for.
And she says, well, here points
to this thing that looks like a
telephone. Maybe try this.
So they dial a number and pull a
lever.
And outcomes.
Sort of a ticket.
So now she says, here's your
ticket. She gives it to him.
Take that ticket.
Then off you go so.
I don't know if he got up on one
of those.
One of those vehicles in the
sky.
Or if they're just waiting for
it to come in. But there's a lot
of people still standing there
pointing and looking at the
vehicles in the Sky 1 lands.
And.
He gives.
Someone the ticket maybe, and
the ticket gets punched.
And.
The man says come this way. Man
in coat with three stripes and a
hat and sunglasses and.
Looks like the fish is going to
go with him
So now they're on the.
Ship.
And he sits on a bench next to
the same woman.
And his fish climbs up next to
him and in the background we see
a woman and with her baby, and
another man with a beard and.
The man, the first man we saw
and the woman first woman we saw
start talking and he starts
explaining.
Hmm.
starts explaining.
Yeah.
That he's looking maybe for
someone. And she says, Oh well,
look, I'm looking for.
No, no, no.
He shows her his passport maybe,
and she shows him her passport.
Now we're somewhere totally
different, she's remembering.
The time when she was reading a
book and someone came and
grabbed her and took her book
and put it away and locked her.
in a
Cold place.
And gave her a shovel.
And she just had to shovel.
coal or something into a
furnace, and she did that for a
while until she.
Found a ladder, and then she
climbed up the ladder.
To the top of the furnace.
And.
Must have been hot, but somehow.
She got to the very top and I'm
not sure what she's going to do.
She got to the very top and now
she can see other people in
there.
In their rooms, shoveling coal
into their furnaces.
It's in a big building and there
must be.
Well, we can see at least 30
little rooms with people.
Big tall walls and lights and
she just.
Went back down, went back down
because, you know, she's sitting
on the ground.
She tries something different.
She sticks her shovel in the
door and she tries to.
Open it that way.
And she does get out, and she.
Somehow finds that drawer with
her book. Grabs her book.
And runs.
Out of her.
Wherever she was held.
A large place and she climbs.
Up into a window and sits with
her book looking out at oh.
She climbed into a train. I
guess She climbed into a train,
I didn't realize that. And she's
sitting there with her book,
looking out as.
Train is.
Going away.
Well, I guess that's the ship
that the man and woman are in.
Up inside, going by a big
billboard. Lots of buildings
with domes and.
Designs, and she points out to
him something.
While the man that took the
ticket has the megaphone and
he's calling, he's saying it's
time.
To get off, perhaps and so
people.
Some people leave. Man's
leaving, says goodbye. Nice
talking to you. She's got her.
Cat, he's got his fish. He's
looking up.
And he's walking down the
stairs.
There's a huge.
Sculpture of.
Of the.
{OK. Is this where I want? Yes.
You were here with? Yeah, I was
just about done with that one. I
can see pretty well. Oh, good,
good. Yeah. So, OK, } so he saw
this really huge structure of
another creature.
{It's just what I forgot to
rename. Thank you.}
{OK, so I really didn't have too
much more to say about that one.
} There was the large sculpture
that's kind of like a building
he's looking, seems to be
looking at that. And there's two
men walking up the stairs and it
looks like he's about to go
downstairs.
{Ohh I don't really know what
else to say.}
{Can you see that's OK? Yep,
Yep. I'll just zoom in on each
one. OK, so now.}
I don't know if he went. I don't
know if he went to that
building. He's walking somewhere
and this little fish friend just
walked. {What's now? What's
this? The microphone is muted.
What can you?}
{If you swipe back and forth,
you can see the screen or the
participants.}
so he's just walking along with
his fish and there's other
people walking along with.
Creatures of their own and this.
And it's very drab. Very, very
drab. Now there's one man that
has a stick and he, {well, I
sure can't see it. As well as
what's with my iPad?} I don't
know. There's one man that has
sticks and a lot of little
objects. I don't know what he's
doing with them anyway. Our.
Friends seems to be looking at
two men talking, negotiating.
There's maybe he's wanting to
buy some of these vegetables
that the man is selling, and
then there's a woman.
Getting something from a machine
and it almost looks like a like
a bank.
Umm.
Like a bank machine where you'd
get money from the bank and then
there's a woman.
Has a little fish in a box and a
man with a hat is looking at
that, and I guess we're just
looking at all these people up
close.
Um, there's an.
I think our friend Ohh he has
this little book out again and
he's showing.
He's looking for the picture
bread, so maybe he can show it
to someone.
Perhaps and find some bread. I
don't know, he wants bread.
Maybe he showed it to his fish
friend. But anyway, his little
fish friend found found
something on the wall.
And when the man opened, it
opened the drawer.
And there was a little.
Looks like a little.
acorn in there. So he looks up
in the book. What is that little
thing? Let's see if I can find
out what that is.
{Microphone is muted. Can you
hear me? Yes, I think.}
{When I swipe, I go to the next
yeah, I'll have to be more
careful. So he picked one up.}
Picked one up, there's several
in the drawer. Picked one up and
they took it.
To.
Maybe the?
A little boy.
And.
Gave it to him and the boy looks
happy. And the boy has his
father, I think, behind him and
he looks happy and he's wearing
glasses, he's got suspenders and
they look really happy and they
wave.
And the man says that's that's
really not puts his hand up.
That's not really what I wanted,
I wanted. He points to the
picture of Bread.
And you know, I want to be able
to. I want to cut it. I want to
put his hand down. Like I want
to cut it and I want. And the
man, the other man with glasses.
Points to something on the wall
and opens that.
Compartment and reaches in and
gets out something else. It
looks like
I don't know what a little. I
don't know. It looks like a
little bit like a snail shell.
So the boy, his son, comes over
with a big bowl, his big smile
and and they're really excited
and happy and they give the man
the bowl.
{And see if the iPads, gosh, no,
I'm worried about that. OK, so I
think I'm done with my, done
with that page.}
{Microphones unmuted. All right,
I'm trying to make sure I'm at
the beginning. All right,} so
this first picture, the man with
the suspenders and the glasses
is holding up this.
Fish.
And.
And the boy is holding the other
thing that looked like a now it
looks like a horn.
And there's this little white
lights coming out of it again.
And.
Father's thinking.
And the boy has nice get
something else now looks like a
big strawberry. And they're
really excited like maybe
they're going to make something,
put all these things in that big
bowl and now they've got like a
clamshell.
And he's trying to open it and
it looks like a snake.
Maybe they're going to put all
these things in that bowl and
make dinner and now.
He says. But wait a minute.
First I want to get one of these
and it looks like a fish, but
when he cuts it, it looks more
like a.
Star fruit.
And he says.
You want to try some? And the
boy is about ready to take a
bite out of.
{Something this is so hard to
name things, I don't know how to
name these things.}
And the man looks like the man
might have taken a bite out of
that star fruit, and he's not
sure he likes it, though he has
a bit of a frown.
Has the boy gives a piece to
that that little fish that's
been following the man around
you?
And there's the bowl
With all those things in it and
more.
Little.
Beautiful little arrangement of
food that they've prepared.
And they
They take that bowl
The man's got the bowl
They don't look like they all
have bowls. All three of them
have bowls.
And they're taking the bowls.
Somewhere there's a bunch of
boats here. I don't know if
they're going to get in one of
these boats, but they're walking
toward the boats.
Great.
{Man, there's more. Alright, man
gets his.}
Huh. So they stopped for a
moment and.
They're looking at the things in
the bowl again. The man reaches
for something small. Looks like
an egg.
And the man says I.
I don't know if you really
understand what I want.
Umm.
{Ohh I'm oh oh oh oh I missed
some. I'm sorry. I started on
that. Can I start that part
over? I missed I I was on the
same page. OK.}
The boy
looking at the boat. He's got
his bowl. The little fish is
following him. There's a bowl.
There's a vase on the boat. OK,
so the boys.
It's exciting. And he says come
here, he's calling his probably
his father, and the father comes
over and he sees something
growing out of that vase.
Um and ohh it's.
Sort of a tail of a dragon. It's
all spiky and it scares the man.
The man with the.
I mean that.
Not the father of the boy, the
other man. And he and he drops
his bowl and.
Um.
That man, the father of the boy.
Says It's OK. It's OK. Don't
worry.
And.
He says look, look. So they both
look a little closer. Ohh. And
it wasn't a serpent, it was a
cat with a spiky tail. And the
boy looks really happy, like
maybe found.
A pet he had lost and.
He's smiling and the boy says,
oh, so this is, you're happy
about this, this is your pet.
And, and the father looks really
thrilled. He says, yeah, yeah,
and look, our cat is playing
with your fish.
So.
So the cat.
And the fish are looking at each
other and now they're picking up
all those things that fell out
of that bowl that the man
dropped when he was startled me
and said I'm so sorry I dropped
all those things. And the other
man said that's OK, but what I
really want. And he draws again
what I really want.
He draws that tail.
Over the houses he draws that
tail of the spiky tail of the
cat.
I don't know if that's what he
wants, but he draws the spiky
tail of the cat over the houses,
shows it to the man with the
suspenders, and the man says.
I'm not sure.
I understand but.
#END_arrival-4 And he looks up
up in the sky and now we're
looking at him really closely
with his close up of his face
and now close up of his eye.
{Mr. Moore Nope, that's ohh this
item.}
{That one was horrible. It's
hard to see.}
{Well, yeah. Oh, now the iPad's
back. Do you want to switch
again? Do you want to try to
switch again? OK. So I'll get
off and on the other one again.
Sounds good. OK.}
{That was good with. It's good
that you used the most.}
{The object that most resembled
whatever was on the page. I
think that was very helpful.}
{That didn't seem very good to
me, but.}
{OK. Then we'll move on to the
next item, something better,
please. Something better
hopefully.}
{Oh, that's a little better.
Making a splash, OK.}
{Get a little bigger. All right.
Well, we're at.}
#START_make_a_splash A really
big swimming pool with slides
and a.
Lots of slides and ship and
bridge and a lazy river where
people can ride rafts. OK, this
pool is so crowded I would not
want to be there. OK, there's a
boy with a.
Square with a I was going to say
squirt gun, but it's huge and
he's blasting a girl with with
water. He's standing on the
bridge.
There are people laying on
towels. There are people with
sun hats. There's a big elephant
that you can climb. A boy is
climbing him. He's pink and he's
squirting water out his trunk as
the people go down the lazy
river. There's palm trees. There
are people way close together on
the slides.
There's a lifeguard. Above her
is a little white umbrella.
To keep her from getting suntan
sunburn, she's sitting on a.
High chair.
there
Is a ship.
With ropes and people are
climbing the ropes and there's
a.
{I don't know much else on
there.} People climbing the
ropes, that's about it. There's
a big red.
Monster on the front of the ship
with a big Tusk like a
rhinoceros and there's.
Some floating pieces of wood or
pieces of wood that people can
step on in the water.
There is a Bush with flowers.
There is a big big ball with
polka dots, a smaller ball with
polka dots. There's a.
Green serpent in the water that
people can climb on.
Umm.
There's a Penguin with a little
his own little surfboard.
There.
There's another lifeguard in the
water.
At the bottom of the slide.
There's a.
Another Penguin with the top
hat.
I think there's more Penguins if
I look Penguins already.
There there's a man with a towel
drying his hair. There's a oh,
there's another life going. 3
lifeguards at least. Oh, and
he's he's blowing his whistle
and telling them boys, squirting
the girl to stop.
There's people lying down,
there's people.
You can only see their legs. Is
that?
That's another Penguin.
With a pink bow in her hair.
I don't know, there's a.
#END_make_a_splash There's
ladders, people coming out. {I
don't know what else to say.}
All right, that's life jacket.
{We can move on to the next
one.}
{OK, so this one is that's
different. Yeah, it's a
fantastic fantasy.}
{More poetic? I think. So, yeah,
just do the best you can. It's a
bit longer, so don't you don't
have to dwell on each each page
and figure out what's
happening.}
{It's always helpful to name
what you see, but again, because
it's a bit long, you can you
don't have to take as much time
and name every little thing,
OK?}
#START_wanderer Well, OK,
there's a man in a striped
shirt.
With another sort of superhero.
And they are folding a very
large piece of paper into.
What looks like a paper hat.
But then in the next frame, we
see. We see.
Ship and we see the top of it,
and we also see the bottom of
it.
It's like we can see right
through a cross section of the
water, a really big ship.
So it wasn't a paper hat, it was
a.
Paper boat and it's on the water
right next to this big ship
with.
nets and masts and
Smokestacks and.
Flags.
below is a
Below is a propeller and.
Cage that someone might be in to
be safe.
Works OK.
Alright, so now.
We're above the water and we
just see, don't we see that
little paper boat?
And.
We don't see the big boat
anymore, we see.
It's about 10 birds flying above
the water.
You can see waves, right?
Umm.
Now we see turtles.
With Checkerboards on their back
and the birds are right down
there with the turtles and
they're trying to get into the
paper.
boat and.
Now a huge whale is trying to
get in or trying to maybe eat
the paper boat.
And maybe he's eating it. I
don't know, see it anymore.
Maybe it's there somewhere. But
now we're under the oh, there it
is. So he didn't eat it.
And he picked it up with one of
his fins. And it's above water,
but everything else we're
looking at is below water.
The whale and.
Is that fish? Swordfish.
And a school of fish, 2 2
schools of fish and a zebra fish
and lots of.
Sea undersea.
Vegetation and coral.
OK, now little paper boat has
gotten.
Hung up on a little bit of that
vegetation that.
Was above the water. The rest of
it is below water, and he's just
kind of sitting there on that
little hill and above.
Above the water, meanwhile, all
we see, all that.
Well, that's all those fish and.
Coral and vegetation below.
Hmm.
Well, some little creature.
Climbs up. Ohh the boat has made
its way off of the little hill
and now it's floating in the
water again and the little
creatures climbed up and kind of
attached itself to it.
Meanwhile, down below 2
Angelfish are kissing and.
There's.
All kinds of beautiful fish and
sea life.
There was a there was there a
fishing pole coming out of that.
Looks like there's a fishing
pole coming out of the paper
boat.
So that little animal climbed in
there and and and somehow put a
fishing pole there and he.
He's gone down to try to catch
another fish.
Ohh, and there's another fish
that has scissors. Oh, that's
interesting. And he might cut
cut that fish free. I'm not
sure. We'll see. OK.
So.
Wow.
Well, just everybody's curious
about the paper boat. There's.
Seahorse that gets up on top of
another fish to get a good look
of that at that paper boat, and
it looks like he has the little
paper hat.
And he's standing on some coral
so he can get a good look.
And Umm.
In the next picture, there's a
an eel.
That somehow gets itself above
water and it's looks like he's
trying to get into the paper
boat.
Hmm.
{What are those? I don't know
what those are.} Those Stingray.
Yes. OK.
Oh, now we are.
We we're above water. We're
above we're.
You know, for, Oh yeah, the boat
still in the water, but it's
approaching a big, a big cluster
of.
Bushes and in the bushes there's
some beautiful white.
Birds may be there.
Egrets.
And um.
And.
{I'm not sure that's that's. I
don't know what else to say.}
Well, a paper boat floated by
the bushes with the egrets. And
there's.
Lower bunch of starfish and.
Beautiful fish. There's a big
fish in the background that
might be coming.
{I don't know, but there's not
much to say about this.}
It looks like the.
Paper boat is still in the
water.
And the seahorse with its little
paper hat is still in there,
loading along.
Through.
through tunnel vegetation?
And there's some it's it's late
now I think, because they're.
So it's dark in there. Maybe
it's just dark in the tunnel.
There's some birds with eyes
that are bright lights and.
And they're looking at the paper
boat of interest.
{I don't know what else to say
like that one, OK?}
Oh, OK, well, paper boats coming
out of that tunnel, maybe
emerging from the tunnel, it's a
little brighter.
And.
Down below is a.
Maybe a lobster?
And there's someone, not
someone, there's something.
Another sea creature riding the
lobster. Ohh, the seahorse looks
like a a seahorse is riding the
lobster.
And.
There's a lot of seahorses that
look like the seahorse that's in
our paper boat off to the right.
Maybe. Oh, and he lost his hat.
Looking at him like, how did you
get in there? What did you well,
what is that thing? I don't
know. So he comes out, but he
loses his hat.
Umm.
Hmm.
OK, well.
Along comes a whale.
Smoking a pipe.
And he just kind of.
Sits there with some birds on
his head.
While the paper boat just kind
of floats by. But then.
a different.
Creature that looks something
like the whale, but he's
different because he's got claws
and.
Fluffy, fluffy fins. He spots
that paper boat and he might
just if he opens his mouth just
right, it might just go right in
there. But he does have sort of
a fishing pole coming out of the
top of his head with.
Some kind of box hanging from
it.
He is on the top of a bunch of.
He's standing on what looks like
a.
The wreck of several ships all.
Together.
{OK, good to see what happens
next.}
So.
Umm.
{OK. I'll see the paper about it
there.}
I don't know what happened.
But somehow the paper boat did
not get eaten by the big whale.
With fluffy fins.
But now he's surrounded by.
A lot of other.
Creatures an elephant
Several elephants and.
Serpents and half butterfly,
half birds and.
A horse and a Jaguar and a.
Dog and his zebra and a cat and
the cat's afraid of the zebra
and it's jumping into the paper
boat.
{And we'll see what happens
next.}
I don't know how he got away
from all those.
characters there's all those.
Fish with bright
Bright eyes, he said, just
sailing along, nobody bothering
him. Nobody even insight, except
all those. There's a big school
of fish.
With.
bright
Lights for eyes and up above we
see.
Bunch of stars and the moon, the
Crescent moon, and probably
some.
Planets and.
Milky Way.
Those two main building it OK, I
don't know what else to say. So
now there's all those fish with
bright right eyes. They have
surround that school have
surrounded.
Surrounded the paper boat and it
just can't move and they're just
looking at it. They don't.
They're not bothering it,
they're just looking at it.
And now they.
have stopped looking at it. I
don't even know where they went.
Maybe they.
Went down below water. Or maybe.
Yeah, they must have gone down
below water because those are
stars in the sky.
And the boat is just floating
along again. But there's
something looks like a curtain
coming down from the sky.
Yeah.
{I don't know what else.]
Ohh.
About to.
Run into maybe an iceberg.
Umm.
Yeah, yeah. Huge iceberg.
But there's a little hole in the
iceberg and he floats right
through the hole and there's
lots of broken pieces of ice.
But he somehow can float through
the pieces, keeps going through
tunnel. Looks like it's a tunnel
in the iceberg.
boating
OK, so he goes through the
tunnel and I don't know where
he's going, but we'll find out.
We'll find out.
OK.
Comes out the other side of the
tunnel.
Hmm.
He looks like he's in something
like he got in some kind of a
bag.
No.
looks like he is
The the boat looks like the boat
is stuck in something in some
kind of a.
Funnel with that.
With a handle.
And there's a.
Deep sea diver.
That might have set a trap.
And he's got all kinds of things
in the trap. He got a fish and
he got a.
And you got the paper boat.
Reaching for it. He wants to
look at it.
He's got a helmet and he's got
oxygen going through a tube.
He's got a tank on his back.
And you can see I'm looking at
it.
I don't know.
Well, he must have released it,
must have let it go.
Because there it is on the
surface of the water again.
Umm.
Getting close to a big, big ship
tall vessel
There's always lots of
smokestacks.
And.
He's getting really close.
Um.
I see an anchor on the ship, I
see.
Something that looks like the
ship might have just.
Maybe that's just a wave of
water. Looks like we just hit
something, but.
I don't know, big ship. It's
getting really close to this big
ship.
Now it's.
Dark again.
And lots of little birds are
coming to check out the little
bow, and it's still floating on
the surface of the water.
Somehow it was not smashed by
that big ship
Yeah, which is now going on its
way.
Are those doves they look like
doves
And there's a.
There's a big white.
Leaf.
floating
It's like a big.
fern leaf or something, I don't
know.
Anyway, the ship is gone and
it's caught a huge fish.
It's hanging from.
A crane or something. Maybe
that's not the ship. Maybe
that's a building in the
distance. I don't know.
Yeah, it is. But the little
paper boats still floating.
Yeah.
There are. This must be in that
boat or building. I still
haven't figured out what it is.
Several men shooting into the
water.
One of them might be shooting
the paper boat, one is shooting
a wheel.
One is shooting.
Another man that looks like just
like the ones shooting.
And there's a big.
Chain coming down with a, don't
know what to call that.
A grabber.
Might be going to go down and
pick up that man.
It's not the same man. Now we're
I'm on the next page.
Ohh.
There's that's. I don't know who
that is. It's another diver.
Is making his way through some
junk.
Making his way over to the paper
boat.
Maybe.
I don't know where he came from.
That does not look like anybody
we've seen so far.
He's working on like a a rocket.
And he's always going over to
pick up the paper boat, which
has a.
Looks like a life small life
preserver on it, yeah?
It's.
Well.
I don't know. He must have
missed it. Oh, no, there he is.
He's still trying to get it.
He's got a tool
And he's he's either pushing it
or pulling it.
Umm.
And in the distance.
Here come a bunch of.
Creatures or horses, spotted
horse and.
Like deer with stars and.
Checkered.
Anteater and.
A cat that looks somewhat
normal.
And it.
They're all they're on. They're
on a little, they're on a tiny
little boat.
And they're they too are curious
about the paper boat.
Hmm.
They're being.
Yeah, they're.
So they they got these creatures
and we've got the deep sea diver
and they both seem to want the
paper both.
Ohh, here comes a huge wave.
Right.
When they were both going to get
the paper boat came in this huge
wave and the paper boat gets
swept into the wave.
And.
the deep sea diver.
Not sure where he got to, but
the creatures also got swept
into the wave.
They were. It looks like they
were pulled by a kite. I
wondered if that was a kite.
And the kite is now all
tattered. Kite had stars on it.
Two children hanging on to the
kite.
Yes.
OK, the big wave is gone.
The water has calmed down, but
there's a storm because we see
lightning just hit the water and
we see storm clouds.
Oh, and the lightning hit the
water.
Turn that paper boat into a
paper rocket and it's it's.
Took off through the sky.
I'm assuming that's that's the
same paper.
Or is it?
{I can't tell. Well, no, maybe
not.}
The
paper boat is still there, so
that must have been somehow
another rocket that created. But
this little paper boat is still
in the water. You still see the
waves and it's.
floating toward.
What look like
Donuts.
I
see donut.
And there's a there's a serpent.
Oh, it's not Donuts. It's a
bunch of serpents like that.
It's flying into a just a huge
nest of serpents and one of the
serpents.
Lifts his head and grabs onto
the paper boat.
And takes it inside.
And drops it on.
A little bridge.
You know, couple of ugly
creatures with bright eyes.
Staring at it, trying to figure
out what it is, it looks like
we're in the heart of the nest
of the serpents now.
I don't know if we are
underwater or not.
Somehow you escaped them too,
huh? Oh, wait a minute. What is
this?
{We got the last two pages. OK
so.}
One of those characters
creatures.
Fills the boat with water from
its.
Nostrils.
And.
The water just it doesn't sink
the boat. It just flows out and
the boat continues on its way.
Um, a little rumpled, but still
floating.
He's coming close to an island
now.
An island inhabited by a polka
dotted fish with striped
underwear and.
Uh.
Very long, scraggly fins, and on
the island are the pieces of
boats and bottles and cans and.
Wheels.
Yeah, yeah.
But the boat still floating.
Hmm.
Now we see.
What are those? Those jellyfish?
Hmm. We see.
Jellyfish.
I don't know how we got here.
I don't know. I don't. Oh,
there's the paper boat, OK.
Um, it's just.
It's just encountered a big
school of jellyfish, beautiful
jellyfish and.
I see it in the first picture.
In the second picture I don't
see it anymore. So either.
It's made its way through or
they did something to it.
Look like maybe it was way
through, but now it's.
It's in the middle of another
school of fish.
{It's not just either it's just
one big page or is this 2 pages?
There's two of them. 2 pages,
yeah, 2 pages. OK. I can't see
where the division is.} OK, so
the paper, the paper boat is now
in a school and other fish.
Being rescued by this other
school of fish.
And going along nicely until it
comes to.
Sort of an octopus.
And there's still some jellyfish
around, but we'll see what
happens.
The octopus.
Has some buddies so those three
octopus start exploring.
The paper boat, but the paper
boat
Somehow gets away. Or they let
it go because now it's on the.
front.
Of a submarine.
Checkered submarine, that's.
Underwater, and that's being.
Examined by.
Some fish with.
Lights.
OK so then.
Submarine is now half above
water and half below water.
And.
The paper boat is on the front
end and the water is pouring out
of it.
School of Fish below it.
Oh, and another fish has come
to.
I was going to say to rescue it,
but it needs rescuing itself
because it's it's been attacked
by by the serpents.
But have.
{Sorry. No, that's OK. I just
didn't know what else to say. }
Alright, we got two. We got a
submarine and a ship in
distress.
So some sea otters come along
and wouldn't you know they they
just think that paper boat is
very.
Interesting. And they just start
playing with it, bouncing it off
their nose. Sea otters or
flowers. I don't know, there's a
bunch of them underwater
watching.
And they just are having a good
time playing with it.
But there are some other more.
Menacing looking fish
underwater, watching them.
Umm.
Well, but they the the.
Sea otters are done seals.
Whatever they were there, let it
go.
boat is just still floating
along with all this sea life
below and vegetation.
Still floating along.
And they're just, it's just
going over.
So deep sea diver who has found
a beautiful.
Little round.
Light underwater.
And I hope he knows that he's
pretty close to a big serpent,
so.
He is riding the serpent. He
somehow got control and he's
riding the serpent. He's got a
basket with those lights in it.
And he's back to.
A buoy.
Umm.
Looks like those little
creatures are his friends.
There's a lighthouse in the
distance, not too far away, and
there's a person there looking
for him, maybe in a big ship by.
The paper boat is right there.
Umm.
Floating free.
It's all.
All kinds of boats now.
Uh.
Big tall ship and a steam vessel
and a sailboat and.
And the paper boat, and they're
all floating along on one side
of.
This wall or bridge?
I don't know what's on the other
side, just.
I can't tell buildings or.
Something.
Uh.
So there's all these different
kinds of ships. That paper thing
is still there. So there are
ships on the other side too, at
least one.
OK.
Now.
All right, there's just, there's
a city in the distance. But the
paper boat is.
I can't tell what it's on. It's
on.
a wave.
In front of.
A little ship which is in front
of a really big ship.
Hmm.
So the sailboat has already
collided with.
One ship and this ship is about
to collide with the really big
ship.
Yeah.
{I don't know. I don't know what
else to say about that.}
OK now.
Where's that paper boat?
OK. There are a lot of things in
this harbor, little rowboat.
The buoy
OK.
Big sort of a whale.
Huh.
Umm.
Tall ship.
And then there's a a like a.
Steamship.
And there's a.
Like boat carrying people.
And they're soldiers, I think.
Sailors.
Meanwhile, the little paper boat
is still there too. It has not.
Gotten ruined yet?
I don't, I don't know where,
where, why there's so many
ships, but there are a lot of in
this water.
{OK, I'm sorry, I'm not even
naming very much.}
All right. So we're coming close
to shore because there are a lot
of buildings now and cranes and
construction going on and.
There's a small boat with an
umbrella and a man with a hat.
And a little.
Flag up on a flagpole.
And.
It's a harbor.
Looks like it. Ohh, looks like
maybe it's, um, they catch
lobster here or something.
They're bringing in a whole.
But.
One of the.
Cranes has just caught captured.
There's checkered
Fish or.
It's not a fish. It looks like a
fish, but it's a.
Some kind of a vessel, because
there's a person up in the top
person with a striped shirt.
And.
They've caught, captured it, and
they're pulling it up with the
crane and.
I don't see the paper boat in
that picture.
But.
So there's some stairs and a
door and a lamp.
Probably tower.
OK, two men.
At the bottom of the crane with
the clipboard talking about what
they're going to do.
What's gonna happen?
OK.
Well, on that little boat.
The one with the flag.
They've caught something in a
big net
With their crane on the hook.
But they don't care that the man
with the striped shirt doesn't
seem to care about what they
caught.
He seems more concerned about
the paper boat, which seems to
have grown inside.
OK so now.
But he he was concerned about
it, but not concerned enough to
get it, because it's still.
um seems to be floating. Or is
it tied?
Did they catch it? Is it tied
up? I can't tell.
Seems to be floating free.
But maybe.
Umm.
In this harbor, it still seems
to be floating free.
There's seagulls.
OK, so now it's really making
its way into.
Into town, somehow the water
just looks like.
Umm.
This this town has roads of
water, so it's just going to
float right into town right by
the buildings. Their lights are
on.
Umm.
Nobody. He was free. Nobody had
captured him. There is a boat
behind him. I don't know if iy's
chasing him. There's several
boats, lots of houses. Ohh
there's a creature up in the sky
on one of the rooftops with
polka dots and big.
I don't why they call them wings
or fins.
got a propeller.
Several propellers on his back.
I have a feeling he's going to
come down for that paper boat.
OK.
OK, now we're really getting
into the heart of the.
City.
And.
We see a giant snail shell.
And rope, ladder and a cat in a
window.
And what looks like a court
gesture with his arms spread
and.
Little people carrying
something.
And.
The deep sea diver.
And they're all looking at the
boat coming floating in to town.
Behind it is a bunch of.
Stuff.
Attached to a serpent.
Who seems to be looking at a man
sitting on the stairs. Well,
here comes the here comes the.
The paper boat the serpent,
doesn't seem to have seen it
yet.
Hmm.
There's people up above under a
streetlight.
Still in the water, it's like
waves to me.
Yeah.
The stars in the Sky Street
light steps going up to an upper
level. There's a little boat
nearby.
Buoys on it and what looks like
a.
Little cabin.
And another.
Vessel of some sort, maybe in
the submarine?
But it's just going right
between the two boats.
Hmm.
Things seem calmer.
Out of the heart of the city,
into an open area, open kind of
sort of open water and a
straight ahead is a wall, like a
brick wall with a small stone
building above it, on top of it
with a street light.
Small door and two small
windows.
Nestled in the trees.
And the stars are in the sky.
Well, the boat
It's close enough that a little
figure.
That apparently had been.
Staying in that boat.
Umm.
Manifests itself gets a little.
It's bigger and brighter and.
It parks the boat and goes up
the stairs and meets another.
Figure.
Another person.
Person.
#END_wanderer Yeah, so now the
two people at least we just see
their legs. I assume it's two
people are standing at the top
of the stairs and the boat is
parked below.
{That was good. That was
horrible.}
{We'll do one more and then
we'll be done and.}
{You only have a few items left,
so you have three more complex
scene. We can either finish them
up.}
{For less than 30 minutes, a
different day or we can finish
them up today. How do you feel?}
{Can probably do it. Are they
weird ones or are they more
straight through complex scenes?
So like the world, those those
are a little better. Yeah, three
of those. Yeah, we can take a 2
minute break, then we can come
back to finish those.}
{That sounds good. OK, so 6 -,
21.}
{OK, cool. See you then. 521.
We'll cover one.}
{It's small and maybe I can make
it bigger. That's OK. OK, well.}
{I've got to pull this shade
down. It's too bright.}
#START_dinosaurs_spacemen_and_ghouls
Is it a museum?
Looks like we're in a.
Some museum.
A space. It's a Museum of oh,
no. Yeah, OK. I don't know what
this is.
OK, I'm thinking maybe it's a
museum and there's a space
section and a.
Cafeteria and.
Ancient times, with a volcano
and caveman and dinosaurs. And
there's a room.
Where you can.
Get dressed. I guess this is
where they get in their costumes
for caveman or mummies. And then
there's a.
My gosh, there's a a room for.
I don't know what that room is
for. Anyway. Let's just start
with the cafeteria.
In the cafeteria.
Very small. There's a there's a
food line, and in the food line
you can see some servers. They
all have hats in the chef. He's
got the tall white hat.
Uh, we've got people of all
kinds in line there. We've got a
caveman and.
a man With polka dot pants and
we've got a green.
Sort of a spaceman and just
normal men and women and sitting
at tables. There's draculas in
there eating and.
Uh, you can get.
Pie.
And because it's pictured on a
poster on the wall and you get
it.
Hamburger and you can get ice
cream cone.
There are people sitting at
tables. There are people.
Just moving along the counter,
getting their food. There's a
cash register. There's a lot of
people in pink. There's a pink
floor pink. Pink is the color.
Pink outfit pink floor.
What else is going on there?
There's somebody holding up a
mirror.
{I just don't know what else to
say there.} OK, let's get out of
the cafeteria. Oh, there's a
just outside the cafeteria,
there's a man carrying a pile of
123455 or six hamburgers.
Um.
Behind the cafeteria is the
space part of the museum, and
there are flying saucers and
what looked like astronauts.
Floating. And there's Saturn. So
we've got Saturn because you can
tell because of its rings. And
there's a maybe just a worker
taking a break sitting on one of
the rings of Saturn, and they're
scaffolding and there's a
background of.
Big Blue background just got
stars in it. There is what
might.
They might be thinking that's
the surface of moon of the moon
or something. It's blue and
hilly and they're. I guess
that's what the green. Maybe the
green characters are moon
creatures. There was one of
those having lunch in the
cafeteria. OK, space creatures.
Anyway, Umm, there's a space
ship.
Umm.
There's a.
Probably.
An engineer. He's the only one
in green, a Gray suit jacket,
and he's holding up a.
Poster of a rocket and the
poster says the point is
supposed to be going up and the
point of their is going down.
He's talking to.
A bunch of people that are
visiting the museum. I guess
they're listening.
And they got a rope. Somebody's
got a rope.
They've got a pickaxe and where
they're going to go try to fix
it, I guess. These are all the
workers, I guess, that are going
to come try to fix the upside
down rocket with a big wooden
spoon. And we've got a medical
team coming. I'm not, oh,
medical team coming because
we've got some astronauts that
have been injured, I guess.
And then the pickaxe and the
rope to try to turn the rocket
upside down. OK, over in the
caveman we have the volcano.
that has erupted and we've got
Cavemen sliding down the.
The hill and we've got a green
dinosaur and a blue dinosaur and
a red dinosaur and a couple of
red dinosaurs and.
Lot of Cavemen. Lot of them
scratching their heads. Where's
cave women?
Maybe. I don't know. They've all
got, most of them got beards,
so.
They're men. They're talking to
little green.
Maybe not so little to green.
Creatures, and there are blue.
It's blue.
Canisters on the ground do not
know what they would be.
for but they are throughout the
museum, these blue canisters.
Maybe they're time capsules or
something, I don't know.
Maybe they're. Oh, maybe
they're.
They're lights, they're light.
They're making a movie or some.
They're lights, I see, because
down below, they're on OK.
They're shining them all. That's
what they are. They're lights.
OK, they're making a movie. OK,
down below we have a mummy,
several mummies. So they're
they're wrapping people.
To look like mummies and.
There's trees, trees that look
like.
Monsters. And there's OK, and
where they get ready, there are
mirrors. Makeup room, I guess.
There's a pink dinosaur in
there. There's a big star above
the.
#END_dinosaurs_spacemen_and_ghouls
Above the door.
{I don't know what else to say.
Is that enough? Yeah, that's
good.}
#START_campsite Not so busy? OK,
well, we are camping now. Out
looks like.
Out in the flat looks like Iowa.
That's where I'm from.
Very flat, not very hilly.
Doesn't look like very
interesting campground to me,
but.
I'm not a camper. OK, so there's
a river running through the
middle of the campground and a
little bridge over the river.
This one's pretty easy. Couple
of little.
One paddle boat and one other
little boat in the river.
There's a mermaid or two
mermaids in the water, OK? They
don't just have tents, they have
TP's.
And some of the tents look more
like.
Like from the circus. And then
on the other side of the bridge
there are more campers because
you can see the wheel, so
they've driven theirs in. On the
road behind the campers Camping
Camper area, you see bicycles I
even see.
I was gonna say unicycle, but
it's not. It's just an old
bicycle with one really big
wheel and one small wheel. There
are some joggers there. What is
way out in the field? I don't
know. Oh, a scarecrow way out in
the field.
And a man with a shotgun. I
don't know what he's doing.
What's over there? Ohh a lot
more over there. I didn't see
that page. OK ohh my.
There's someone fishing in the
river, sitting on the edge,
fishing. He might catch a
mermaid. There are some Scouts,
Boy Scouts, Girl Scouts. Let's
see. Can't tell anyway. So
scouts.
You can see their hats and their
uniforms and their scarves,
their green scarves and their.
Ohh one of the campers looks
like it's on fire. Ohh no, not
on fire. Somebody was grilling
and the smoke from the grill
went into the camper I think.
Um.
There is a family just all just
standing there. They seems like
a family. There's a two family
standing together. One of them.
They both have a dog and they're
standing at their campers and.
Somebody dropped there.
Don't know. Drop something.
All over the sidewalk.
OK, well, there's got to be more
to this. The joggers, the
campers, the.
What are these guys doing here?
Sitting on little chairs just
shooting the breeze?
Well, somebody's walking by with
them with a pot.
And he's not paying attention,
and he's spilling his, the
liquid all over the man talking.
You can see.
That that, that is one tent has
flowers all over it.
One tent fell down, everybody
standing around looking at the
tent It fell down and it looks
like there's two people in there
still there. You can see two
bumps, maybe 3, maybe two people
and a dog.
Umm.
And they don't look very happy.
You can see a raft that
someone's trying in the process
of blowing up.
He's working hard. His cheeks
are all puffed out. You can see
that.
#END_campsite One of the oars
out. Yeah, there's two oars. Man
with the red vest is holding one
oar the other oar is on the
ground. There's a dog with a
crown on his head, maybe
feathers on his head. I don't
know.
{Yeah, that's good. Good enough.
Yeah, that's good. Now we're
going to the last one.}
#START_exhibit_12 We're in an
Art Museum and art, yeah.
Wow.
OK. Oh, goodness gracious, we're
in an Art Museum, I
{Alright, I have to blow some of
this up.} There are so many
people, OK, there are people
carrying.
Portraits in they're mostly all
portraits. Yeah, I don't see
anything that's not a portrait.
Oh, maybe one or two. I see a
flower, but most all of the
artwork is pictures of people's.
People.
Um, some of the artwork is
getting carried in, some of it
is getting carried out.
Um, there are people in bathing
trunks at this Art Museum.
There.
so crowded.
Uh, there's a man.
Uh.
It looks like he's giving a
speech. There's a man in a wig
like from.
Old times a white wig.
Umm.
There's a man, actually. There's
a woman painting sitting on a
stool, painting there.
There's a man with sunflowers.
There's.
Umm.
OK, what else is what's on that
bunch of blue police officers
12345? Maybe six or seven police
officers chasing after oh.
Two men in like the.
Hats.
that Patriots would wear and
they're stealing a portrait of a
king.
With a crown with gems in it.
They look pretty close. They
might catch him.
There are.
There's a portrait of a clown.
There's a portrait that's being
hung upside down. There's a
portrait of.
Who is that? is that
Shakespeare. Maybe there's a
portrait of.
OK.
{Umm, are you supposed to be
people I recognize? We can't
make them big enough.}
I don't really recognize. It's a
portrait of a man with long
white hair and a long white
beard. There's a portrait of a
man with a megaphone. There's a
portrait of.
Maybe looks like Cinderella and
the Prince in heart-shaped
frames there is
A portrait of.
Fish, a shark and another
picture of it. Fish, small fish,
a goldfish. Portrait of an elf.
There's a balcony. It is so
crowded.
Umm.
#END_exhibit_12 I don't know.
There's a man, there's a this
one's is not on the wall.
Someone's painting a picture of
a fisherman who just caught a
fish bigger than he is. Big
green fish.
{You lost where I was. Is that
enough? Yes. That's great. Thank
you. Funny how sometimes. Ohh
you took it away. When there's
more, it's actually harder
because you can't.}